---
layout: post
title: "travelling"
---

Internet, you and I been acquainted for several years now and a formal introduction on my part is long overdue. I'm Dylan, a third year computer science major at UCLA. My passion for building things began in my adolescence when my grandfather, a retired electrical engineer, would take me into his office on summer afternoons to show me how circuits worked. In my freshman year of high school I downloaded the installer for Python 2.4 and the rest, as they say, is history. I've got a long way to go before I reach neckbeard status, though, and that's why I've decided to start recording my thoughts here. It's something of a rite of passage for developers to write their own weblog platforms, and while I use Tom Preston-Werner's static site generator [Jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) and a layout forked from existing ones by [John Duff](http://github.com/jduff/jduff.github.com) and [Tanner Burson](http://github.com/tannerburson/tannerburson.github.com), I've hacked together a system that should be pleasant to look at and just as nice for managing content.

Naturally, this begs the question: what content will I be managing with this shiny new setup? In the long term, I want this blog to be a written record of my experience as a budding software developer. This summer I have an awesome job at [UCLA CENS](http://research.cens.ucla.edu) and a bunch of ideas for side projects, and when school resumes I'll go back to absorbing knowledge at what feels like an insanely high rate. From all of this I'm bound to have a lot to share, and when I do I'll post it here.
